Clarify the PR process (#286)
radicle-dev/radicle-registry: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Git Flow

This repository follows the Git rebase flow for the most part.

> ## Branches

Reviewer: Should we rename this section to “Pull Requests”?

Author: Renamed it to `Branches and pull requests`

1. Create a separate branch for each issue your are working on
2. Do your magic

> 3. Create a pull request and assign reviewers

Reviewer: Maybe worth mentioning that you can assign the team to just get one review from somebody.

Author: Fixed

# Git Flow

This repository follows the Git rebase flow for the most part.

## Branches and pull requests

1. Create a separate branch for each issue your are working on
2. Do your magic

> 3. Create a pull request and assign reviewers. Remember that you can assign a whole team,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a pull request and assign reviewers. 
    Assign the registry team as the reviewer when one review from whoever member reviews first is sufficient (*).
    Assign multiple, individual reviewers when everyone listed is expected to review.
```

Author: For me this version has more convoluted structure and is harder to read. I don't have strong feelings though, so if you're convinced that your version is better, I'll include it.

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't have suggested it otherwise. Anyway, I have rewards some parts and included the part that was at the end of the file here to avoid the unnecessary lookup.

Reviewer 2: btw @CodeSandwich, do we get a notification when one overwrites the selected PR reviewer?

Author: Fixed.

I don't know, why is it important?

Reviewer 2: Because it's the whole point of this setup: avoid duplicated/racing reviews. If two people open the PR and change the reviewer without noticing the other did the same, the problem still exists. A notification would decrease the damage. But let's go ahead like this and see how it goes in practice.

Author: If two people try to change the reviewer of the same PR, GitHub will serve as a synchronous source of truth. You'll see that something is wrong when removal of `Registry` fails and not only you are a reviewer, but also somebody else. But the probability of such clash is very low.

Reviewer 2: Yeah 👍

which means that only one review is requested from all its members.
4. Keep your branch up to date by rebasing it from its base branch
5. Make sure that all the assigned reviewers approve the changes
6. Consider squashing the branch's commits when the separate commits don't add value
7. Merge it via the GitHub UI
8. Delete the branch after its been merged. GitHub does this automatically.

If you were asked to review a pull request by being member of a team that was assigned

> as a reviewer, always assign yourself and unassign the team before you start the review.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I find this sentence difficult to understand. How about:

```suggestion
(*) To avoid racing and duplicated reviews, change the team as the reviewer to yourself before you start your review.
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, this should just live next to the place where it's referenced.

```suggestion
```

Author: Applied
